Update hello-key-trust-adfs.md (#9022)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-key-trust-adfs.md

3. In the navigation pane, select the node that has the name of your internal Active Directory domain name.
4. In the navigation pane, right-click the domain name node and click **New Host (A or AAAA)**.
5. In the **name** box, type the name of the federation service. In the **IP address** box, type the IP address of your federation server. Click **Add Host**. 

> 6. Right-click the domain_name node, and then click New Alias (CNAME).
> 7. In the New Resource Record dialog box, type enterpriseregistration in the Alias name box.
> 8. In the fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of the target host box, type federation_service_farm_name.domain_name.com, and then click OK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Right-click the `domain_name` node and select **New Alias (CNAME)**.
7. In the **New Resource Record** dialog box, type "enterpriseregistration" in the **Alias** name box.
8. In the **fully qualified domain name (FQDN)** of the target host box, type `federation_service_farm_name.domain_name.com`, and click OK.
```

> 6. Close the DNS Management console 

Reviewer: Hmm, OK. Even though the Rich Diff view and the docs.microsoft.com HTML conversion translates this to the correct numbering, the MS Docs codestyle recommends using consistent numbering for future editors:
```suggestion
9. Close the DNS Management console.
```
(taking the opportunity to edit this line, even if it is outside your own changes, but also because it is affected by the preceding change)

> Note: if your forest has multiple UPN suffix. please make sure, you have enterpriseregistration.upnsuffix.com present for each suffix 
> 

Reviewer: Looks like this should be a [!NOTE] blob, to be consistent with MS Docs current codestyle:
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> If your forest has multiple UPN suffixes, please make sure that `enterpriseregistration.upnsuffix.com` is present for each suffix.
```
